there we go ladies and gentlemen Greg
here wild wood guitars my hands are
bleeding but that's alright because
that's the way we roll here we rock we
roll we bleed that's our thing
Gibson Montana 50th anniversary 1960
hummingbird custom serial number this
one was one three three seven zero zero
one to the people our Montana man I'll
tell you what they're making some
magnificent instruments and there's a
bunch available at Wow what I've been
playing on all these different guitars
for the last day here and oh lord have
mercy a veritable cornucopia of the
Gibson acoustic delights so of which
this is another one so check it out
today at why but guitars we'll see you
cats later
that's what I meant to do